xstrata more sun air a new reality
called the artist of the year with the
driving the always smiling
mariana fabbiani seconded by nacha
guevara line and with respect to the seasoning
officiating heartily the program kicked off
with some technical problems and
they were overcome what could not be
apparently correct by one side of
shame of nacha and the apathy of
suddenly that is not fixed because the
truth is that an actor what he exposes is
also the instrument requires a lot
courage to be an artist
here is happening there
the air
talking about excuse me sir is this going
Live
well what I was looking for
and not the seronda of the malicious jury
he did not limit the chacha of the tail of
this wild animal because it
accentuated with those hungry for fame who
they were presented then keep that
nico also contributed his glass granite
ground
the nights, ladies and gentlemen
I have a super offer to offer
five characters at the price of one
body
tonight do not tell me anything about your
acting does not make sense for you
did you think that happened to you in life
that's why bubba camps was my best
friend cuba's mom cooked shrimp
with potatoes shrimp with onion sauce
Rivas and tasty shrimp just
I ask God Canary
different new anger and know that a
Arming, I'm going to enter this
conservatory like that my name is me
I'm in chat and it's just repetitive not
they disrespected the mentor in the
you know I will never give you saracatunga
we can not leave it
lower the frequency level of
positional turbulence
I think I'm going to kill you
and he does not know why he wants me not to be
in the house
ricardito
this seems to me already too much three things
that I found very interesting and
that one kitchens well another one that was
well and another that goes well
lift up every day like all
inhabitants of our country that
they get up early to work I have to
confess something
I do not like the imitators we say
inventing
is breaking a very clock to know
what
of coffee
just wait for the first thing that you are
receiving it with resistance do not you
like what I'm saying
but no
no need
this would not be a reality with all the
lyrics if sooner or later there is no appeal
the cry of catalog and emotion
bought in the corner of the snow the
Youngest of all 18 year old boys
just finished the secondary as
beautiful newly sold girl in josé c.paz
blessed in josé c.paz so tranquility
yesterday I was selling
if so
let's burn
as a team in josé c.paz yesterday I was
selling something will be
and more guys
and I get excited and from the Cinderella with
two fairy godmothers for want of a we
we are going to a participant who like
that our beloved blue mazda tinelli and
the maipo does not stop
Nadia because I do not know I did not like the
number I thought of another program
to be honest
of those programs that we are
personally very tired to see by
favor
do not let them put you so much
accent here
mehdi that I put the accent here
that estimate forces our thirst
but the main course came with the
return of this new imitator in
where no one is the one who ends
getting advice pretty well
music
yes no
I do not like to let you humiliate suddenly
this poor man with this is a mistake
that many people commit and many
we commit if it is confusing to force
with having strength or I
someone spoke that in the study is not
one thing that is heard from the control
it's a sound is talking to others
entities speak like this
dear manners if the people look at it
other things since we have to be
working I hope it is not for me
old not
obviously do not stay that by the exabrupto
because that did not happen to you crushing
throughout the program and a true
artist is the one who brings out everything
that burns inside